Generate `LICENSE.yml` file (#5448)
mruby/mruby: doc/guides/mrbgems.md

Exported include_paths are automatically appended to GEM local include_paths by rake.
You can use `spec.export_include_paths` accessor if you want more complex build.

### Specifying the License Terms

The contents of the file set here will be reflected in the
`<build-dir>/LICENSE.yml` file.

The initial value of `spec.terms` is set automatically if there is a
license terms file in the top directory of your GEM.
The recognized file priorities are:

```
LICENSE > LICENSE.txt > LICENSE.md >
  COPYRIGHT > COPYRIGHT.txt > COPYRIGHT.md >
  COPYING > COPYING.txt > COPYING.md (lowest priorities)
```

The specification method is the same as `MRuby::Build#terms`, but there
are some differences:

* Specify as `spec.terms` (instead of `conf.terms`)
* Initial value is different

> * The base directory of the relative path is the top directory of your GEM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Relative paths are based on the top directory of your GEM
```
